releases: fix error in release note for 3.0 GA (#1291)
pingcap/docs: dev/releases/3.0-ga.md

---
title: TiDB 3.0 GA Release Notes
category: Releases
---

# TiDB 3.0 GA Release Notes

Release date: June 28, 2019

TiDB version: 3.0.0

TiDB Ansible version: 3.0.0

## Overview

On June 28, 2019, TiDB 3.0 GA is released. The corresponding TiDB Ansible version is 3.0.0. Compared with TiDB 2.1, this release has greatly improved in the following aspects:

- Stability. TiDB 3.0 has demonstrated long-term stability for large-scale clusters with up to 150+ nodes and 300+ TB of storage.
- Usability. TiDB 3.0 has multi-facet improvements in usability, including standardized slow query logs, well-developed log file specification, and new features such as `EXPLAIN ANALYZE` and SQL Trace to save operation costs for users.

> - Performance. TiDB 3.0 has shown great performance improvement, with TPC-C by 350% and with Sysbench by over 50%. Thanks to the support of Views, TPC-H 50G Q15 can now run normally.

Author: ```suggestion
- Performance. Compared with TiDB 2.1, TiDB 3.0 has shown significant performance improvement, with TPC-C benchmark risen by 350% and the Sysbench benchmark by over 50%. Thanks to the support of Views, TPC-H 50G Q15 can now run normally.
```
